WHAT DOES IT guys in what back so in this area I'm going to show you a crowd functionality right now.
OK.
And that is that if I want this burden to be collect and if someone clicks desperate then he should
be taken down to this place and he should see this page right here.
OK so how this is going to work.
OK.
Let me show you what I have to do.
Just click here and I want to go to this section right here.
I want to click Edit section OK.
And right now I want to come here to advance and now I have to go to see a SS ID.
So I want to go to I want to make and an ID.
OK.
So this is going to be a b o u t.
And I want to have to do a have just hit save.
So this 80 is right here.
OK.
And now what I want to do is I want to come here and I want to click this about me button OK.
And here you have two right here hash.
And then you have to write a b o u t.
OK.
And what I have for you how to do you have to just say it's safe and you are done.
Now what you have to do you have to open up this website and know you're going to see how this is going
to look.
OK.
So let's wait for this website to load and when it does load I'll show you how this is going to look
her ago.
You can see we have about me if I just click this it is taking me down to about me section.
So when we will add some more sections to right here then we can see this about me is going to appear
right here.
I'm just going to
code down this is nullity.
Refresh this page
and once they click this you can see that it is taking me down below.
And this about me is coming.
So this is how it reads.
OK.
So
so things like I was watching this in the next video we're going to add a new section and that is going
to be experiences education.
And a little bit more.
And then I want to add a call to action or a form conduct form where people can hire me.
OK.
So thanks a lot guys and goodbye.